[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What is the matrix,
or the network?
I am your host,
Matías De Stefano.
In this episode, I am going to
explain why the matrix exists
and how it was created.
As we were talking about
the first dimension
and how everything comes from
the mind and the mentalism,
we could see that every other
reality that was created
was just expansion of
just this one reality.
The first dimension is the
one that holds every others.
And the other dimension
that we can tell
holds every other reality--
it would be the
eighth dimension.
Eighth dimension
is this dimension
where you can see
everything, where
you can contemplate
the first dimension
in every possible way.
As the first dimension tried to
express in itself in duality,
in trinity, in the fourth
dimension with the statements
in the fifth dimension, and
every part of the reality
start to split in
many, many concepts
in different times
and different spaces.
The eighth dimension-- you
can see everything just
from one spot.
As you can see from
the first dimension
that you are everything and
that you project everything,
the eighth dimension would have
the information of everything,
of every second, of
every millions of years,
in every perspective
of the universe.
So you can see it almost
like a shape of a torus
going around and spinning
with many, many, many circles,
going around.
And every circle will create,
like, the shape of an apple.
And this apple-- it will shows
you that every frame of time
and space that you can
see from this torus--
it will be a part of the
reality of every being living
their lives.
I was explaining that
in fourth dimension,
you could see the four
pillars of reality
and that you have to go through
expression, experimentation,
integration, and transcendence.
And every time you have done
the circle, the four statements,
the four pillars start to move a
little bit in order to show you
different perspectives.
So you can create different
lives and different perceptions
of the same issue.
So once you have accomplished
every part of this awareness
of yourself in many,
many lives, you
have done the whole wheel
of life, the samsara,
doing the karma dharma wheel.
And suddenly, you have
accomplished the whole process
of your soul and your--
with many, many bodies.
But in the eighth
dimension, it disappears,
because the reality is not
just a wheel of many lives
in many times and spaces.
It start to be
different beings around,
creating this sphere
and the tree of life.
The eighth dimension you
could see like a big tree.
We call it the white tree,
the tree with this roots
that touch the branches,
evolve, and makes
this sphere with many, many
branches and dimensions around.
And every leaf is like a
world or a being living
in the universe.
This tree of life is the
reality that we call the matrix.
The matrix is a web, a
network of connections
that it's similar to our brain.
Our brain works also
with two parts--
one creative, one logical.
So in this two parts
of the universe,
you have all these
synapses going
on that connects the
whole information
of the whole universe from
the past, the present,
and the future.
The eighth dimension
is the one that
connects the whole
thinking of the universe
in different levels of
consciousness, not only mind,
as in the first dimension, but
also emotional and physical.
That's why we call the eighth
dimension the Akashic records.
And also, we call the eighth
dimension the matrix in which
we are all in.
This is kind of the
internet of God.
The eighth dimension
is the place,
where you have every program
in, every app, every Wi-Fi,
every signal.
Everything that you will need
is in the eighth dimension.
That's why when you are
trying to change yourself
or to integrate yourself, you
can just download information
from other levels
to your own body.
All this information is there
waiting for you to be aware
and in the same resonance to
bring that information to you.
So the network is
this womb of creation,
of thinking that we call the
network of consciousness.
The network of
consciousness is something
that goes through the whole
universe and connects us all,
connects every
consciousness in the world
in every world in every galaxy.
That's why in its
conjunction, we used
to call it the subconscious.
It's the conscience
that holds us all.
And that condition us all why we
are not conscious of ourselves.
If we realized that
we, as human beings,
are not just beings
above a planet,
but we are also beings
part of the planet.
We are also beings part
of the solar system.
We are also beings with wisdom
and conscience from the galaxy.
Until we'd see that
as a symbiotic being
around the universe--
so we are not
going to be able to get in
touch with the eighth dimension.
And that will download
all the information
that we possibly can imagine
from every time, every space
in every part of the universe
and even every other universe
around.
I've heard a lot of people
talking about the matrix
as something negative, as
something that you cannot
escape, that is like a jail
or a cage, where you are in.
And the whole
process of evolution
is to see how can
you escape matrix.
But this is not like that.
This is a thinking that maybe
was born in this planet, where
all beings felt that we were
trapped, because we were not
taught about freedom.
Freedom is not going
away from something.
Freedom is being responsible
of your own reality.
Freedom is when you have the
power to decide for yourself,
not the power to escape
from other reality.
So that's why in
this planet we don't
understand that matrix
is not a cage, where
you have to escape from.
It's indeed the consciousness--
in consciousness and
subconscious of your reality.
It's impossible to
escape the subconscious.
It's impossible, because it
holds everything that you are.
The subconscious is not
something under something.
It's surrounding you.
Subconscious is all this.
In conscience is here.
And the conscience is
the seed of this fruit.
So the subconscious
and the unconscious
is feeding with
energy the conscience.
So the network, the
eighth dimension,
is the place that feeds
you with consciousness,
is the place that gives
you the information that
allows every being to be
connected to every dimension
and allows every
being to be connected
to every other being in
different worlds, dimensions,
emotions, physical planets,
the consciousness of God.
Everything is connected
in the matrix.
The matrix is you.
You are part of the matrix.
If we think that we are a
leaf or a flower in a tree
and because we are
a leaf or a flower,
we are trapped in
the tree, it is
because we didn't understand
that the flower and the leaf
are the product of the tree.
And they are the tree indeed.
They are not something separate.
They are not something
that is trying
to go away from the tree.
They are trying
to feed the tree.
With every experience,
with every breath,
you are feeding the network.
The Akashic records
is like this library,
where every book that
haven't been written yet
and every book that was
written shares information
all the time.
So everything that is coming
and everything that has come
co-exist in this tree
of life, in this reality
that we call the
eighth dimension.
All the information of the
eighth dimension is around.
And when you try to
escape from the tree,
it's like if at a leaf
or a fruit of the tree
falls down to the floor, but
you will realize something
when you fell down to the
floor, that you will be,
again, food for the same tree.
But if you have become
a fruit by yourself
and you recognize
yourself, then have
the seed within that you
are the universe itself.
So you become a fruit.
And that fruit falls
down from the tree
and creates a new tree.
But you will realize
that new tree is
exactly the same as the old
one, but with new experiences.
So the matrix is like the womb
of a mother that you cannot
escape.
You can be born
from your mother.
But you will die.
And she will still
be your mother.
The mother is the one
that holds and creates
our energy, body, and mind
from the very beginning.
So matrix must not
be seen as something
you have to escape from.
You have to see it
as a mother that
is trying to help you to
create your own world.
One of the ancients way
to understand the matrix
and information that
is there is a story
of the tree of Adam and Eve.
They used to call in
Christianism, a tree of life
with apples that has all
the information and wisdom
of the universe.
But it was prohibited for
humans to eat those fruits,
because we were not
ready to understand
what those fruits mean.
The story tells about
this man and this woman
that were trying to create
a new world, a new reality.
And suddenly, there
is a snake that
tells them there
is a tree there,
where you can find the whole
information about how to do it.
But it's prohibited for you.
So you have to be ready to
understand how to do it.
This snake-- we used
to call it the devil.
But the snake is not the devil.
The snake is the doubt and
the path of illumination.
The snake means the Kundalini.
It's the process
in which the being
has to go up to look for the
fruit in the tree of life.
You have to go through
the Kundalini, the energy
of the snake, the light
snake around your body
to work in every
one of your chakras
to be aligned in order
to get that fruit of life
instead of being prepared in
every chakra, in every path
and work itself.
In order to be aligned to become
a fruit in the tree of life,
the humans tried to
eat the fruit of life
and take the
information from others
that have done the job to
work themselves to the light.
So the tree of life is
the key of the universe.
It's how the eighth
dimension exists.
It's the whole beings
and the whole information
from the universe.
Just combine it in
this eighth dimension.
In this tree, you have a
lot of minerals in the roots
and a lot of leaves
in the branches.
Every leaf is a living
being in the universe.
These leaves and these flowers
that are the enlightened ones
can help others to become
better, to become flowers,
to become lift.
And some of them,
to do so, they have
to die in this reality to go
to the roots and the minerals
to look for that information and
bring those minerals up again.
That's why beings from the fifth
dimension, fourth dimension,
sixth dimension usually
die in those dimensions
to be born in these
dark dimensions,
like the third one
and the fourth one.
These dimensions are
the roots of the tree.
So the ones that are
considered the flowers
and the leaves, which
lives in the fifth
and the sixth dimension--
they must come down and
bring that information again.
And they will feed the whole
tree of life once and again
until some of them, some
enlightened ones, the ones that
recognize that the whole
process is just one being
trying to create new
beings around itself--
they recognize that are able to
create their own tree of life.
And that's why some
flowers become fruit.
Fruit is when they got
the whole information.
And they started to create
the whole information within.
They understood the
laws of the universe.
And they become creators
of their own realities.
They recognize that they
are the seeds of life.
So that's why they
created this fruit
around them, which
are the dharma and all
this information,
the new information
of their own experience.
They enlighted, and then
transcend enlightenment
to become a fruit in self.
So at that moment,
the fruit goes down
and start to feed not
only the old tree,
but the new tree you become,
your own tree of life,
your own universe.
But this new universe will be
the same one as the latest,
because you are the same
species of the tree.
You are the same universe, but
split in many other universe.
So each one of those
fruits are like books
in the universe that holds a new
information of who we could be.
That's why the
teaching of this story
is, don't eat the
information of others.
Just look into the
But build your own
information, your own truth,
because the universe has done--
has give us the gift to
become ourselves a universe.
So if you take the information
from other universe
instead of creating
your own universe--
so you will be eating the
fruit of that tree of life.
And your own reality
will disappear
and will be destroyed
by the information that
is not your vibration.
That's why in the story,
when Eve eats the apple,
the whole story for them is
destroyed, because she was not
building their own
information, and he neither
were building their
own information.
They were just living so
quiet and peacefully that they
didn't do the work
for themselves
to build their own tree of life.
It's really difficult
to be eighth dimension
here on the third one,
because the eighth dimension
implies to be--
to feel-- to be aware of
every timeline and every space
in the universe.
That's why it's the
biggest consciousness.
It's like trying to understand
every information that you
have in the internet.
It's almost impossible.
But it's not necessary to
have all this information.
It's not necessary
to look for it.
What you just have
to do is to be
open to receive the
information that
is in your same
level of vibration,
to be open to all this new
information that is surrounding
you and be aware
that you are part
of the consciousness
of the universe.
When I explain about
the eighth dimension
and the Akashic records,
I used to explain it
like if it were a library
or kind of a Wikipedia,
where you can go and look
for any information you want.
But for the eighth
dimension, when
you realize that every
dimension is just
a perspective of
reality, you will
realize that the
eighth dimension is not
a place, where you have to go
to look for that information,
but you have to become
in order to see and feel
that information.
So this is the difference
between the people that
is trying to get into
the Akashic records
to look for information
and the people that
is willing to transform itself.
The differences are
that some people
is going to the eighth
dimension, to the network,
to the matrix to look
for that information.
And they touch the
information outside their own.
And they put their vibration
and rhythm to that information
they touched, because they
touched this information.
So this information, pure in
another part of the universe,
has to be at the same level of
frequency of the person that
is reading it.
So it could be written.
So you change the perspective
of that information outside you.
And then, you go back.
You explain that
information to other ones.
But that there changed.
So that information
there now is confused
for those other beings that used
to go and pick up information
from there.
So when you go outside
to look information
from your vibration,
you can do a mess
into the network that is
connecting ever being around.
The only way you can download
that information is not
going there and look for
it, but to be yourself.
Transform into the vibration
of that information.
So you can download it.
That's the good way of doing it.
Don't go and look
for the information.
Just put yourself in the
level of that information.
So it could be download to you.
So that's why we
need to be prepared
to get in the eighth dimension.
We cannot go from the third
dimension to the eighth
dimension like if it was a trip.
We have to be prepared inside
our bodies to be aligned
and to be centered
in every chakra,
in every part of our being.
So we could download information
from the eighth dimension.
In 2024 and 2026, it
would be a lot of--
a big download of information in
this planet for new societies,
for the new era.
But if we don't prepare ourself
in between 2020 and 2022,
for example, we are not
going to be able to be--
to transform ourselves
into that information.
So that's why we need to
be ready in our chakras,
ready in our
bodies, in our soul,
in our mind to be wide open
to receive that information.
Otherwise, it will
be just like a rain,
where the water is
just going away.
To receive that
information, to be
open to the eighth
dimension and the torus that
is going to transform
ourselves in the next years
and the next centuries,
we need to be
aligned to the network
of the eighth dimension.
And that is why a
lot of people now
is talking about the
reconstruction of the torus,
the information of the
torus, and how it works,
and how it creates
matter, because it's
the only way we
can understand how
we are going to be able
to transform ourselves
in fruits of life.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano,
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the
next episode, where
we will dive into
the ninth dimension
and what this means for
the structure of the Earth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]